Drag chain instruction edits (#176)
inventables/x-carve-instructions: 1000mm/step6/index.md

<img src="./photo/jpfs_DSC2883.jpg">
<p>Wire up z-axis and x-axis stepper motors and limit switches.  Make sure you attach the red wire to the middle pin and the black wire to the hinged side of the switch.  The stepper motors can only be wired in one way, so if it doesn't fit, flip it over and try again.</p>
<img src="./photo/P4220500jpg05.jpg">
<p>Attach the drag chain end to the drag chain bracket on the x-carriage using two M5 x 12mm flat head cap screws and two M5 nylon insert lock nuts.</p>
<img src="./photo/P4220503jpg08.jpg">
<p>Attach the length of drag chain to the drag chain bracket installed on the aluminum extrusion.</p>
<img src="./photo/jpfs_DSC2902.jpg">
<p>Try using a screw driver to pry open the length of drag chain. The drag chain end might feel like it's going to break, but it's very hard plastic and should hold up just fine.  This might be the most difficult part of the entire build.</p>
<img src="./photo/jpfs_DSC2916.jpg">

> <p>Place the zip tie mounts in the aluminum extrusion slot and rotate them to secure in place. You can also use the 10mm wrench to easily rotate them.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p>Place the zip tie mounts in the aluminum extrusion slot and rotate them to secure in place. You can also insert an Allen wrench through the openings of the zip tie mount to use as leverage and more easily rotate.</p>
```

Reviewer: @giovannadf Think we might need a bit more description as to how they would use the wrench.

<img src="./photo/editP4220505jpg10.jpg">
<p>Use two zip tie mounts on the side of the aluminum extrusion for the lone Y2 stepper motor.</p>
<img src="./photo/P4220509jpg14.jpg">
<img src="./photo/P4220510jpg15.jpg">
<p> Guide the Y2 stepper motor cable across the aluminum extrusion and secure with zip ties.</p>
<img src="./photo/P4220511jpg16.jpg">
<img src="./photo/P4220514jpg19.jpg">
<p>Gather up all the wires from the end of the top drag chain and the Y2 stepper motor. Zip tie them to the zip tie mounts.</p>
<img src="./photo/P4220519jpg24.jpg">
<img src="./photo/P4220521jpg26.jpg">
<p>Clip the ends off of the zip ties to clean everything up.</p>
<img src="./photo/jpfs_DSC2822.jpg">
<p>Attach the drag chain bracket to the aluminum extrusion frame <strong>under the wasteboard</strong> using the M5x6mm button head cap screw and post-assembly insertion nut.</p>
<img src="./photo/jpfs_DSC2927.jpg">
<img src="./photo/P4220523jpg28.jpg">
<p>Wire up the Y1 motor and y-axis limit switch.</p>
<img src="./photo/P4220527jpg32.jpg">
<img src="./photo/P4220530jpg35.jpg">
<p>Gather up all wires into the drag chain and snap the hinges in place.</p>
<img src="./photo/P4220536jpg41.jpg">

> <p>Attach the upper drag chain bracket to the left gantry side plate using two M5 x 12mm Flat Head Cap Screws and two M5 Nylon Insert Lock Nuts. Do not attach the lower drag chain bracket just yet as that is handled in the next step.</p>

Reviewer: @giovannadf can we keep the bold? `<strong></strong>` code?
